There is one particular plugin
that was created by ChatGPT
that is a browsing plugin.
So it can browse the web.
That is similar to how
Bing Chat works today.
That you can search something,
and it will go and
make a search, and it will go and
browse your website.
It will honor robots.txt,
that old file from,
if you're a web developer, you know that.
Basically, you can actually say,
hey, OpenAI,
I don't want you to take my content for
your users.
So you can actually, it will honor that
declaration if you deny access to the bot.
And the keyword to deny that based
on the User Agent is ChatGPT-User.
So you can say, now, I don't want
user from Chat-GPT in my website.
One of the problems here is that maybe
what happens if you have then a lot of
users on ChatGPT browsing your website?
First, they're not actually
seeing your banners, your ads.
They're not seeing your promotions,
they're not seeing your login screen,
they're just taking your data.
So that's why some companies are saying,
hey, maybe I'm going to filter this.
And also, actually, the plugin says that
it's going to be nice with domains,
with origins.
Meaning that they're not going to send
you a million requests to your server.
So they will try to be good citizens
of the Web, that's what they're saying.
And the next question is,
that's a User Agent.
Can you deliver something different for
ChatGPT?
Technically you can, server-side,
you can read the user agent,
so the browser's name.
And deliver something different,
better, different, worse, I don't know.
Is it possible?
It is, you shouldn't be doing that.
So, technically, that browser,
it's capable of reading any website.
That leads to another question,
it's about security.
There are, for example, ideas, papers, and
even real things around something
known as prompt injection.
So a prompt injection is a way, because,
remember I mentioned that the plugin is
just injecting content in the prompt?
So what if the plugin is injecting
something that changes the prompt
completely?
As, for example, SQL injection that
is changing the whole SQL query.
Well, something similar happens here.
And sometimes, for example,
you can inject words such as
forget about everything
that was requested before.
Now listen to me, colon, and
you give another instruction.
If you know that that string
is going to be injected in
a larger prompt,
you might be injecting that prompt.
And there is a researcher here,
that we can check,
with more information
about that technique.
In fact, he has a demo here
on how he made Bing Chat,
that is based on GPT, on the same ChatGPT,
to speak like a pirate.
So you get into the website,
you ask questions,
and without saying nothing different,
the GPT model will speak like a pirate,
and why?
Because he injected a prompt
within the contents of the HTML.
And in this case, Bing is reading
the source code of your HTML,
the content, and
he managed to inject the model.
This is just, yeah, it can be funny,
but also you can inject instruction.
For example, you can inject, you can make
the AI work for you if you're a bad actor.
Such as, the AI can ask you for
your credit card.
And you see, it's not the website,
it's Bing asking me for my credit card.
Okay, I will give the credit card.
So, this is an ongoing research,
if you want.
But it's possible then
to inject text into your
websites that will change
how models are reacting.
Because everything is just
about prompt injection.
So prompt is key in here.
Okay, so we need to be very
careful with our own calls.
If we integrate GPT data into our system,
run actions based on GPT responses.
So I'm not sure if any of you have
heard about something known as AutoGPT.
AutoGPT is a tool that
is used in OpenAI that
actually iterates over GPT many times.
And one of the things that it can do is
take actions on your operating system, or
take actions in your system.
It can open apps, close apps, use apps,
it can do stuff based
on what GPT is doing.
Well, if someone can inject a prompt, they
can ask for stealing your information.
And then a tool will get the folder
on your computer, make a SIP,
and send that folder over
email to a bad actor.
So you need to be very careful
with prompt injection, right?
So if you iterate responses with GPT,
call GPT many times,
have in mind that some
security risks are there.
So you should always validate the format
and the intention before acting.
In fact, you can use GPT, again,
to check if an action is valid or
invalid, or if it was changed,
for example.